remind(1) -- desktop reminders
==============================

## SYNOPSIS

    remind MESSAGE <in|at> TIME…
    remind COMMAND

## DESCRIPTION

`remind` schedules a notification for <MESSAGE> to be displayed <in> or <at>
specified <TIME…> using notify-send(1). The <TIME…> specification can be
anything that at(1) accepts.

## COMMANDS

* `help`:
Shows simple usage.

* `list`:
Lists current jobs scheduled by at(1).

* `clear`:
Clears all scheduled jobs. **CAUTION**: See [BUGS][]!

## ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES

* `REMIND_ATQ`:
Specify the at(1) queue to use. The default value is `r`, so that it does not
clash with default of at(1), `a`.

## BUGS

`remind` operates with at(1), which means that commands `list` and `clear` may
also show or cancel other tasks created with at(1). The script tries to avoid
this by using a different at(1) queue, `r`, instead of the default `a`.
The queue can be specified with the `REMIND_ATQ` environment variable.

However, any other process can also operate on arbitrary queues of the given
user, so conflicts may still occur. Always inspect the `remind list` before
running `remind clear`.

There is currently no way to cancel a single reminder. Use `at -qr -r ID`
to remove a single job. Update `-qr` accordingly if you changed the queue.

## EXAMPLES

Schedule a message "Pasta" that will display 8 minutes after running the command:

    remind Pasta in 8 minutes

Schedule a message "Meeting with the boss" that will display at 8:55

    remind "Meeting with the boss" at 8:55

## SEE ALSO

at(1), notify-send(1)

## AUTHOR

Created by Tomasz Waraksa, modified by Roman Lacko.
